Permissions and Tracking (Android) (#2030)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/android.en.md

## Obtaining Applications

When downloading new apps there are a few places to get them which we describe below.

If you are unsure about whether an app might contain trackers, we suggest looking at the report produced by [https://reports.exodus-privacy.eu.org](https://reports.exodus-privacy.eu.org). This site can produce an automated report and present information such as the required permissions and trackers detected in an app.

!!! note

    Android applications often require permissions for simple features. Don't be alarmed if your app requires a certain permission. If you are concerned investigate further.

!!! warning

>     Exodus is able to determine some trackers it is not be perfect. Remember to check the app's privacy policy. Facebook for example shows [no trackers](https://reports.exodus-privacy.eu.org/en/reports/com.facebook.katana/latest/), but that does not mean there aren't any the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    While Exodus is able to determine some trackers, it is not perfect. Facebook, for example, shows [no trackers](https://reports.exodus-privacy.eu.org/en/reports/com.facebook.katana/latest/), but that does not mean there aren't any on the website. Remember to check the app's privacy policy.
```
